feat(curriculum): add tailwind CTA component workshop to main (#61013)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/25-front-end-development/workshop-tailwind-cta-component/6858ee73ed8106ccb214942a.md

---
id: 6858ee73ed8106ccb214942a
title: Step 8
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-8
---

# --description--

Now that everything sticks to the left, you need to center the entire content by adding a margin of auto to the x-axis.

> Add the Tailwind class that corresponds to that to the outer `div` element. To see that effect, adjust the freeCodeCamp built-in browser until the entire content is centered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the Tailwind class that corresponds to that to the outer `div` element. To see that effect, adjust the preview tab until the entire content is centered.
```
